Document JWT and OIDC updates for v24.3 (#19045)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v24.3/sso-db-console.md

`server.oidc_authentication.claim_json_key` | The field/key used to identify the user from the external identity provider's [ID Token](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#IDToken), such as `email`. The key can contain a single identity or a list of identities, and is parsed using `server.oidc_authentication.principal_regex`.
`server.oidc_authentication.principal_regex` | Regex used to map the external identity key to a SQL user. If the identity key contains a list of identities instead of a single identity, each identity is evaluated serially until a match is found. The first match that is found is used, and the remaining identities are not evaluated. For example: `^([^@]+)@[^@]+$` matches any email address (defined as a string containing one `@` sign) and extracts a username from the string to the left of `@`, whereas `^(.+)$` maps the claim directly to a principal. The regex must contain exactly one capture group (set of parentheses); a regex with no capture groups or multiple capture groups will never find a match.

> `server.oidc_authentication.autologin` | A Boolean that enables or disables automatic login with SSO when the DB Console is loaded. If set to `false` (the default), the user will have to click **Log in with your OIDC provider** (unless overriden with setting below) before they're authenticated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`server.oidc_authentication.autologin` | A Boolean that enables or disables automatic login with SSO when the DB Console is loaded. If set to `false` (the default), the user will have to click **Log in with your OIDC provider** (unless overriden with `server.oidc_authentication.button_text`) before they're authenticated.
```

Reviewer: Assume this is the correct setting here?
